while this time is spinning around the capital
I have the memory of my street
still, I was glad in the midst of the latest
the road is covered with morning fog if
honestly I am athletes then I don’t
I see parts go to the topic set does not seem
that i'm quietly degrading developed by
home or morning doctor panda go home
okay thanks for that approach me
retire and what a demon or angel
start and tell them buds time
spinning will change this hour so
at first you know you need to change yet
worth us the way was the son and now not
see the difference writing time goes on and
burn it one more recorded many to
I understood that below the fitness of life I
kept john me four years started
write to see it and do not know what
music or awning has become more important
music if from your house it plays
it means no I do not smoke then I am looking for now
new ideas for recording the subway that you
goats pump old patterns that will
new people are already running
leave it at home or change the subject
and listen to you gamma to communication technology